azurerm_log_analytics_saved_search - support for `tags` (#9034)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/log_analytics_saved_search.html.markdown

* `function_parameters` - (Optional) The function parameters if the query serves as a function. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `tag` - (Optional) The tag of Saved Search. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: we need to update this to match schema

```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Logs Analytics Saved Search.
```
